The beginning of that man who is not a good
man, he is a good man.
I think that when you are always interested in something,
you don't know.
There was a thing that I suggested to the Kuchata
Institute.
To live for the fight.
And I worked until I knew it, everything was there.
But I felt like I was free.
That was a shock.
If you are a professional, you can count on me.
No,
I don't watch these things.
I turned back to the back of the goal.
What do you think?
The money cannot be motivated to work at the university.
Our today's guest is Kanata Dolitch Bagarian.
Director of the Institute of Development in the United States.
He is the president of the United States.
Kanata Dolitch, what are we discussing today?
We are discussing the Kestium.
The next question is about our youth.
Our youth.
The youth of Kazakhstan.
How much it is internationalized.
How much it is integrated into the world society.
I believe that this is one of the topics.
It will be discussed on the field of science, on
the field of creation of our university.
This is our story.
My big experience.
I would like to say that any experience that you
take into your life is your experience.
I would like to show that
when we made a project about Kazakhstan in the United
States, I used all my previous experience.
I started taking classes, to study, and at school I
got an ed call.
I used to say that I had been in school
for a long time.
I was an institute of science and theodieal fantasy.
I was applied to university.
What I would like you to always use your time
to find out what no one can do.
I would like to take a rest.
Today,
I didn't even have a single episode when I was
told that I met some of the people who took
me to the police station and I wanted to bring
it to you.
I'd like to introduce myself to you.
I don't want to hurt him.
We're going to talk about how the two -year -old
was born and how he was born.
The birth of the Zabayev University, the creation of the
world level, the appearance of the inside, how it all
happened.
The most talented people who were working in Zabayev University.
The phenomenon of fistecha, how the system is formed by
people, the physics of the plasma, the future energy, the
term of synthesis, how to create a reaction to the
sun, to the Earth, the cosmic rays from the top
of the energy, the climate of the diplomats, as they
say, about the future planets, the net zero twenty -six,
what it is, and how we will come to it.
The atmosphere of the energy,
the development of the talent, the performance of the fistech,
the work of the institute of Kuchatova.
The next episode will be very interesting for scientists and
everyone who wants to work on science.
Hello everyone.
This is one episode of Empactorial Podcast.
Empactorial Podcast is a chronological and master -class with the
successful masters of different industries, without the change of the
sponsor of our podcast, the company Empactorial.
The school, your career and the lift, to the very
last, to the most experienced science and profession, the work
of the Institute of Electro and Information Technology.
Today, we are looking at our guests.
We welcome you to the director of the high -level
development of Zabayev University.
Previously, the vice -president of Zabayev University was a science
innovation,
also a representative of the director of the energy university.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for your invitation.
First of all, I would like to start by thanking
you for what you did for me in 2013.
Italy.
After 7 years of the United States, as well as
2013, I went to Kazakhstan, wrote a photo of me,
and I remembered that I was 13 years old, and
you took me to the summer, as well as the
red ones.
I met you and I was given the word to
you, that is,
that you started your autumn, and this is basically the
same thing.
And the truth is, at first, you started your career,
and at the same time, you called me, thank you.
Thank you very much for giving me this opportunity.
Yes, it is interesting to ask you, what is today's
level?
What is it?
N -N -N, what is it?
Well,
I still haven't had the name yet, but we have
been here since 2016.
By the way, we have been here since 2016.
We had different options.
We loved, let's say, the botanical names, we had a
Fourier transform, and we stayed there, because it was the
most easy, maybe easy to say.
And then, after that, it turned out that there is
a function that grows faster, that is, I hope that
this growth, in this name is similar to this one.
Well, yes, it is not that simple, but, in my
opinion, in the bottom, as I see,
it is an infacterial, really.
Thank you very much.
Well, I am glad that,
as you remember, as we started, as we met,
and as I remember, I once told you that I
was better at the parties,
at the coffee shop, which was in Petrolynichka Pizza,
and one of these phrases, such a deep, it is
the beginning of this man who does not interfere with
the botanical names.
Well, good job.
And, in my opinion, you were still there in the
community, it is still there.
Yes, yes, it is still there in the community, probably.
Well, if you circle with normal guys, then it is
not necessary to interfere with the work.
That's all, my task was always there.
Thank you very much.
I still remember, this is an auditory of 503, under
the library.
Yes.
In the very big auditory, and I remember,
we worked on the thing that was available for all
residents of the city, but not only, I am sorry,
I am sorry, In my opinion, you could have been
there in a field.
Just in the field.
Yes, yes.
In general,
even in a field,
even in a fantasy, maybe you will not know, and
from the back of the tent, the main main character
of the main course is, he arrived in the gym,
and Italy.
He would be there for about two minutes.
And he was there only for a while.
I remember, you know, in this game, we started by
It was about 7 o 'clock in the evening and
it went up to 127 .00 and everything was going
well.
And when you went
home, you had to look at it.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Well, you were doing it very quietly, but I noticed
what you were doing.
Well, of course, yes.
That was the golden period of your time.
Well, the Netherlands got there and the Armenians were one
of them.
I don't want to say anything.
It's not a compliment, it's just a coincidence.
Thank you, Rona.
Well,
what was the number one?
You were in Zarbayev University in Pomi.
At the beginning of the year of 2016,
you saw all the growth of the university until you
got this world level.
Well, your students today get a lot of money.
They go to the beach, in the middle of the
world.
Garva, MIT, Caldeca, it's not a surprise.
Not only in America, but in Europe, in Asia.
How did you get out of the house?
All this happened?
New.
Zarbayev, not all.
Well, out of the house, at the beginning of the
year, it was really a huge enthusiasm.
In fact, it was a young man who came after
a lot of steps.
And everyone was not aware of it then.
We played with such a hard -to -understander there.
But it was cool.
It was a school, although it would be.
I remember that we were going with the guys,
Aslan, who is now also going to turn around.
And there is a friend, and then how?
And then there was a girl, a young man.
Well, not a young man, but a young man.
The guys we chose.
And they actually raised him.
Because they had to order him.
There was nothing wrong with it.
That's why this period was such an ad.
It was an ad.
It was a postionary thing, you know.
It was a powerful lift.
And the big role of the player was that the
guys who came from there, they had already had some
kind of experience, some kind of experience, some kind of
experience, and the culture they brought from there.
And I tried to support these guys.
And I gave them the full freedom to act.
At that moment, it was only a goal.
And then they act on their own.
And I thought that 99 % of the guys were
successful.
And I hope that they will be successful now.
I hope that they will be successful.
And I hope that they will be successful.
I am not interested in them.
I see some people.
And then there was a lift.
That was the beginning.
And then we came to school.
It was schools, three schools, and some were three schools.
It was a school of science, technology,
humanitarian school and engineering school.
And then there were strategic partners.
And there were Black
and White schools that came at the other hand...
and then it was paid off for the pay.
So someone was to go to
school and go to school.
Our guys were young,
and they had a lot of experience in doctors and
doctors.
That was the time when there was a human potential.
At the time.
And the last time they decided to go to school,
foundation, then school.
They started to work, then they said...
What do you mean?
I remember the first time I was in school, I
was 10 years old.
It was a foundation of 10 years.
And then they started to go to the foundation, and
then they went to the first and second classes and
so on.
And I want to say that at that moment, there
were some scientific directions.
Because initially, the guys who came to the team to
help us, in the lab assistants,
I said, you have some time to work.
I don't remember how long it took, how long it
took.
I said, two hours to work on these tasks that
were standing in front of you.
Two hours to go to the school, which I started
to do, and try to do my job.
Then we could afford to do this.
And they said that it was a very big role,
because many of them...
Italy.
And then they went to science, and I said to
them, they went to science.
And this was the moment when we created a foundation,
not only for Kazakhstan, but many, of course, in other
countries, maybe in Australia, so...
I think for a young age, it was a very
good place to work, for everyone.
This is the first.
The first and second, we started to talk about the
creation of science centers, and to immediately orientate the university
as such a research university.
And then it was decided to create the center of
the energy research in the science center, and then we
got together.
In fact, it was gradually realized.
And then we, again,
went to all of these, as it is called,
market conditions, marketing, let's go to work with them, then
we went to the park.
Yes.
Yes,
we went to the center, we went to the center
of the energy research.
The one you call 11 -14, right?
Yes, yes.
I was a director, and we...
So, I came back to the university, and let's do
something, in the building, and we'll do...
We should start a hotel, in the university of the
old city.
And we, from there, maybe from there, we made a
technopark, and we made a technopark It became a square,
so to speak, for many people, let's say, the whole
area of the world was made there.